hiya Jim this is a little tutorial on
how to connect your Lego Mindstorms NXT
to bluetooth with your laptop have your
Windows 7 laptop so first thing I want
to do is power on the NXT control box
then go to Bluetooth and power it on so
now the laptop should recognize the NXT
box over here going back to the laptop
the screen I already opened here is the
control panel Devices and Printers two
Bluetooth devices so what I want to do
is add the Bluetooth device is now
searching for Bluetooth devices he found
a couple of ones mobile phones and this
year the NXT of course this is what we
want to connect I click on next he's
connecting to the device and you already
heard my NXT making some noise noise he
made is the control passkey in fact
which is one two three four in my case
and a hat I have to put this right here
in the add device of Windows so I click
on next wait and as you can see it pops
up that the device is ready to use so
now let's use it and let's make it like
remote-control I'm going to go to the
Lego Mindstorms NXT two software I'm
gonna open it
then I go to tools' remote control
this is the remote control screen of
course he tells me that no NXT is
connected right now so I'm going to try
to connect one I have the USB
possibility or the Bluetooth color
possibility then I select Bluetooth one
and click on connect
so there he is he recognized my NXT with
Bluetooth you can close this window
these are the arrow keys of the laptop
I'm gonna try to position the camera so
you can see it so here is the motor the
NXT and over there the arrow keys so
when I press one arrow key you can hear
the motor is turning around what's the
benefit of this system as you can see
just over here I don't need any cables
to control with a laptop the NXT box so
I can easily make an helicopter or
playing or a car or whatever it may be
just without any cables so I hope you
like this video and see you next time
bye